Intro: It's finally here Saturn - the app that won't let you down like your last girlfriends back in highschool. Forget about your ex and 
focus on important matters in life (show pics of memes). That's right girlfriends are temporary but Saturn is forever. What is your reason
for living? Is it games? anime? movies? or possibly concerts? If you said yes for any of the above, this is the app for you. Saturn, the
cutting-edge all new innovative app that tracks release dates of your hopes and dreams. Saturn has the ability to recommend and record the
release dates of your favorite upcoming media and remind you when it's coming up. Let's see how Saturn can change the lives of its 
users by looking at an example. (Insert "consider the following" clip)

Look at Bob, the lifeless, in-debt university student, like us. His favorite things in life are memes and anime. His favorite anime: Mob
Psycho 100 ended last year. After this tragic end to his favourite anime, his life has descended into a meaningless wreck. But hope arises
after Bob logs in, as he was searching through the popular tab, he recieves a recommendation notification from the Saturn app, MOB PSYCHO 100 Season 2 is airing next winter. 
(Show mod psycho 100 II being recommended)

Bob's heart cries out in joy as his finger taps the "register button" (Bob adds Mob into fav in app)

His life is rejuvinated, and his girlfriend returned to him.

However, his happiness was not meant to last. Mod psycho 100 Season 2 was still exactly...
forty-two million, sixty-nine thousand, six hundred and ninety milliseconds away. As the milliseconds pass, his heart cruslhes and his girlfriend 
(anime pillow) leaves him once again.

His life is once again.... in disarray. (black out and leave 2 second space)

Bob's life has once again become monotone... his soul cries out just as a beam of light from phone entered his souless eyes. It's from Saturn. 
His spirits instantly rise, as he sees... a notification that Mob Psycho 100 Season 2 has started airing. He immediately runs for the computer to watch the
newest episode. His girlfriend came back to join him, and he lived happily ever after. (fade out)

(serious time)
We just had a glimpse into Bob's life and how it had inmeasurably improved everytime he interacted with the Saturn app. Before Saturn, Bob was unaware or even 
missed many of his favourite animes' release dates. However, WITH Saturn, Bob is made aware of all upcoming animes, games, movies, tv shows, and
concerts. Even focusing on a fraction of the population like Bob, it is clear to see that Saturn is a utilitarian's dream.

(Walkthrough time)
When a user first opens Saturn, the user may login with an existing account or create a new one. (show)
Once inside the app, you can view your upcoming, favorited, or recommendations events straight from the app.
You can even browse the seemingly endless number of events from the database by category. 
Currently, we have four different categories, consisting of: TV/movies, anime, concerts, and games. 
(Insert screen and memes) By tapping on an event, you can view the title, release date, creator, description, and 
a picture of the selected media.
If you would like to pin the event for easy access later, simply click the register button to favorite it.

Also, the user can view the calendar of their events in the "Mine" tab (show).

Our app obtains up-to-date information using the various appropriate apis using python scripts to scrape the information. 
As you can see here, we're scraping a list of movies (show vid). The information is stored within our database and can be viewed within the app.

In our next step, we will refactor our code to make it more readable and efficient and add more comments for documentation.
Also, we'd like to implement a web server to be able to update the events automatically; allowing for continuous and frequently added events to be added.

Then, we'd want to expand to more categories while making a custom notification for each category of event so that the user has more specific details they can look at.

We may even make Saturn a global success by filling it with more features (show list, maybe lol)
